Add set inequality syntax for matrices (#3766)
jump-dev/JuMP.jl: docs/src/manual/constraints.md

 3 x[1] + 4 x[2] ≥ 6
```

## Matrix inequalities

Inequalities between matrices are not supported, due to the common ambiguity
between elementwise inequalities and a [`PSDCone`](@ref) constraint.

```jldoctest symmetric_matrix
julia> model = Model();

julia> @variable(model, x[1:2, 1:2], Symmetric);

julia> @variable(model, y[1:2, 1:2], Symmetric);

> <<<<<<< od/symmetric-inequality

Reviewer: rebase marker

```
(Note the `(2, 1)` element of the constraint is `X[1,2]`, not `X[2,1]`.)

## Symmetric matrices

Inequalities between symmetric matrices are not supported, due to the common
ambiguity between elementwise inequalities and a [`PSDCone`](@ref) constraint.
```jldoctest symmetric_matrix
julia> model = Model();

julia> @variable(model, x[1:2, 1:2], Symmetric);

julia> @variable(model, y[1:2, 1:2], Symmetric);

julia> @constraint(model, x >= y)

> ERROR: At REPL[91]:1: `@constraint(model, x >= y)`: Unsupported matrix in vector-valued set. Did you mean to use the broadcasting syntax `.>=` instead? Alternatively, perhaps you are missing a set argument like `@constraint(model, X >= 0, PSDCone())` or `@constraint(model, X >= 0, HermmitianPSDCone())`.

Author: ```suggestion
ERROR: At none:1: `@constraint(model, x >= y)`: Unsupported matrix in vector-valued set. Did you mean to use the broadcasting syntax `.>=` instead? Alternatively, perhaps you are missing a set argument like `@constraint(model, X >= 0, PSDCone())` or `@constraint(model, X >= 0, HermmitianPSDCone())`.
```
